Support: JP migration FAQ card (#18032)
wordpress-mobile/WordPress-Android: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

21.9
-----

> * [**] [Jetpack-only] Help: Display Migration FAQ card on Help screen when WP to JP migration is complete. [https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/WordPress-Android/pull/18032]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**] [Jetpack-only] Help: Display the Jetpack app FAQ card on Help screen when switching from the WordPress app to the Jetpack app is complete. [https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/WordPress-Android/pull/18032]
```

p1677768648136459-slack-C0180B5PRJ4
